Shine those lights!
- Let's go! Lock it down!
- I got it!
Watch out! Brace! It's a big one!
Man! Oh. no!
We're getting hammered out here!
Everything up!
Nets coming up!
- Bring it in!
- Steady!
Pull!
What the hell? -
Is there somethin' in there?
It's big! It... It's moving!
-  Chris!
-  No! It's right there!
Chris! Let's take 'em out!
Shark?
That ain't no shark!
Xander? You see it?
It's over there!
Come on. come on. where are you at?
Show yourself.
- Oh!
- Chris! Watch out!
Comin' around!
Goin' your way. Cal!
Calvin. head it off!
In the hold! Get it down there!
Get it down there!
What the hell is it?
- Oh. Xander!
- Chris.
- God. Xander!
- Chris!
Oh. God!
Come on!
He's lost a lot of blood. but...
Tamp it down.
Get in there good and tight.
This is the North Star.
vessel number 53422N.
I have a crew member in need of
immediate medical evacuation. Over.
- Nature of injury?
- Bite to the abdomen.
severe blood loss. Over.
What bit him?
I...
I got no idea.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
What is it?
Secure.
Let's see what you
caught tonight. Captain.
What I caught is none of your business!
You're just here
for my injured crewman.
Of course.
We'll be needing him as well.
Let's go!
Now then. Captain...
I'm entitled to that catch!
Let's go!
Look what we found!
Margaritas!
Whoo!
Do you want a pretzel?!
It was more than 150 years ago
when a local fishing captain.
Charles H. Pownall.
fell in love with a mermaid
in these very waters.
enchanted by her beautiful Siren song.
I love you. fisherman.
I love you. mermaid.
But one day. he went to the bay.
and his mermaid was gone
back to her home in the sea.
never to return.
And that is how.
thanks to Charles H. Pownall.
Bristol Cove became the
Mermaid Capital of the World.
Wow. Thank you.
That was my great-great-great-
grandfather depicted there.
so as you can see. our family goes back
a long ways in Bristol Cove.
Now please allow me to introduce
my beautiful wife Elaine
and our two wonderful sons.
Doug and Ben.
It seems. uh.
Ben may have been caught up
in the parade traffic.
but I can assure you
he is here in spirit.
So to all the good people
of Bristol Cove.
it is our great honor
to bestow this monument
to one of our town's founding fathers.
Charles H. Pownall.
Where the hell's Ben? Hmm?
Hola! How'd it go?
Rescued a Steller.
She's in pretty bad shape.
She's tagged. She's one of ours.
- Where'd you find her?
- Out by Scott's Point.
That's pretty far.
Yeah. about 30 miles
outside her usual range.
Probably looking for food.
Don't worry. girl.
We're gonna take good care of you.
Come on.
She's starving out there.
It's a good thing we went out today.
Not sure your dad
would agree with that.
Well. I'll add that to the list
of things we don't agree on.
Like you and me being together?
Hey. Look.
if I did everything my dad told me.
well. I'd be my brother.
You want to come over later?
I promised my dad I'd make him dinner.
Third time this week?
- Lucky guy.
- He needs me.
He'd be at the drive-thru
every night if I didn't cook.
Seriously. it's disturbing.
I could come by after for dessert.
Spend the night?
If you want me to.
What do you think?
Hey. man. Thought you guys
were out past Bowers Ridge.
- You're back early.
- Yeah.
I need to talk to you about something.
All right.
Boys.
We said keep this between us.
Don't tell anybody.
Ben knows about this stuff. all right?
He can help us.
- He's one of us.
- He wasn't on the boat with us.
He doesn't fish with us no more.
We caught somethin' out there.
I mean. it's just somethin' we...
we ain't never seen before.
It attacked Chris.
He had to get airlifted out.
big-ass military commando helicopter.
Navy SEALs. the whole deal.
CG says they have
no record of the evac.
like it never happened.
He's just gone.
What do you mean he's gone?
You really don't know
what attacked him?
A mermaid?
It didn't look like that. okay?
This... this was a predator.
Okay. that was a good one.
Yeah. very. very well done.
You almost had me there.
Dude. this is real.
Hey. why else would they
take it from us. huh?
Wait.
Here. Look.
Okay.
Xander. man. this could be anything.
I don't know what you call it.
but. trust me. it's not
what you think it is.
We had a report six weeks ago.
Japanese fishermen claimed
they saw a sea creature
off the Kuril Islands.
Then some carcasses
washed ashore in Alaska
with strange bite marks all over them.
Then five days ago. our research vessel
picked up unidentified frequencies
coming from the Bering Strait.
We knew something was out there.
That's when I alerted your people.
And you're sure this is
what you think it is?
Well. Admiral...
...why don't you judge for yourself?
Good morning. dear.
Your father is terribly angry with you.
Good morning to you. too.
Anthony?
I don't give a rat's ass
if your father's angry.
A lot of things make him angry.
like the fact that a woman
who can't walk
insists on buying $600 shoes.
You know what he called
me the other day?
- What?
- Bitch on wheels.
- That's actually pretty funny.
- I thought so. too.
Do you know why it was okay?
Because it was behind closed doors.
Family rule...
You can say whatever the hell
awful thing you want in private.
but in public...
This is a face that keeps
Mommy in nice shoes.
- I get it.
- No. I don't think you do.
Because if you did. you'd show up.
You would flash
that famous Pownall charm.
and you wouldn't leave
your father up on stage
with his pants around his ankles.
You know what. Mom?
If you guys want to put a
show on for the whole town.
that's your business. but I...
I don't want anything to do with it.
I got other things to worry about.
The spawning habits
of a bunch of plankton
are more important than family.
That's not what I'm saying.
And I really don't want to
have this conversation again.
Ben. I need this family
to keep working.
And I'm not willing
to suffer for nothing.
Okay. I hear you.
Doug tells me that you're hot
and heavy with Maddie Bishop.
Yeah. we're dating.
You always had a thing
for the wild girls.
I gotta get some stuff done.
Always had a thing
for the wild girls. huh?
I'm sorry.
She didn't know you were in here.
So if it weren't for your brother.
she wouldn't even know
we were seeing each other?
Believe me. with my family.
nothing good ever comes from sharing.
You never know. Your mom and
I might actually hit it off.
Yeah. you might be right.
I mean. you're exactly
the kind of girl she'd
want me to be with.
Oh. yeah? What kind of girl is that?
Beautiful.
Smart.
Funny.
Passionate.
And that smile
that could power a small city.
Ah. yes.
Ah. that famous Pownall charm.
Mm! No. dude. Aberdeen.
The best weed is in Aberdeen.
Seriously gourmet Kush.
Even my mom likes it.
I don't remember him being
such a burner in high school.
Yeah. that was more your crowd. right?
Oh. all right. golden boy.
Hey. I'll be back in a minute.
Okay.
I swear I'm gonna kill you
if you go out too far!
Hey.
You okay?
You're not seriously pissed
at me. are you?
I shouldn't have told you.
- Should have known better.
- Think about
what you're asking me to believe.
I get it. You don't come out
on the boat with us anymore.
You weren't there.
They took Chris.
They don't want people
to know about this.
Look. I don't know
what happened to Chris.
Maybe he's in a military hospital.
We're gonna find him. Xan.
This isn't part of some huge cover-up.
and it's not because
of some mythical creature
that you guys think that you caught.
So you're telling me
you know everything
- there is to know about...
- No. of course not!
Then look me in the eye and you tell me
that maybe... maybe there
is something down there
that we haven't seen before.
- Xan...
- Just...
Just do it.
Okay.
Sure.
95% of the oceans remain unexplored.
So it could happen?
Xander. man. I love you.
You know that.
But as a friend. I'm telling you.
you gotta stop talking like this.
What would it take?
Hmm?
For you to believe me?
I'd have to see one.
That's it.
That's exactly right.
We gotta catch another one.
Lucas. get back here!
Shark! Shark! Shark!
Aah! Aah!
Shark!
What are you thinking?
I can't even believe it.
It's disgusting.
This damage definitely
wasn't inflicted by an orca.
The bite radius is way too small.
So what then?
Well. it's not another shark.
There are a million explanations.
- Okay?
- Caught in a boat prop.
sea lion bit the carcass?
What if there's
a new predator out there?
One that we haven't seen before?
That can rip the head
clean off a mako shark?
Then I might have to cancel
my scuba trip next weekend.
Hey!
Are you okay?
Do you need help?
Is she having trouble breathing?
No. no. no. her breathing's fine.
Uh. a little heavy.
Okay. I'll head out now.
Are you sure?
I mean. I'm happy to drive her
down to the hospital in Port Angeles.
It's okay. Ben.
I'll meet you at your place.
Okay. All right. I'll see you there.
Thanks. Dr. Abbott.
Sorry. that's all I had.
Littleneck clam.
From Malakh Bay.
You gonna say something?
Now. I can help you.
If you need to get back somewhere.
You don't have to talk.
That must be the... the doctor.
Evening. Benjamin.
She's in here.
And kind of weird.
Okay.
She was right here.
Slippery one. huh?
- Give it to me?
- Uh. I think I'll keep it.
Come inside! Have a look!
The only real mermaid
artifacts in town!
Come inside! Have a look!
Maybe buy something while you're...
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Ms. Hawkins.
There was a girl just here.
You saw her?
Yeah. it looked like
you were talking to her.
I... I didn't see anyone.
Hey. Dad.
- Hey.
- Good day at the office?
You know Chris Mueller?
Crews on Sean McClure's boat.
Yeah. I know him.
Got a call from his parents.
Said he was medevaced
by a military chopper
off Sean's boat in the strait.
and now they can't find him.
Got me calling every base
from here to Alaska
looking for him.
There's nothing.
- So far.
- What do you think happened?
I don't know.
Creator. for this food and for You.
we give thanks.
And for Susan.
may she find peace on her journey
and within herself
and find her way back home.
It's been eight months
since we've heard from her.
Might be time to start dropping
her from the blessings.
I believe your mother is being guided.
Crash!
♪ I am Ryn ♪
♪ And I live in the sea ♪
I... am... Ryn.
Hello. Ryn.
Hello. miss.
I see you there.
I... am... Ryn.
Not from around here. are you?
What you got?
Helicopter?
So. uh. you need a ride. huh?
I'm headin' down to Aberdeen.
Okay.
Not much of a talker. huh?
That's okay.
It's nice just to have the company.
Sometimes I'll pick up a hitcher.
but. uh. they're mostly dudes.
Not a pretty little thing like you.
You like your little toy. huh?
Hmm?
You're like a little girl.
A pretty little girl
who don't know how to talk.
Now. I bet your mama told you.
"Don't get into cars
with strangers."
But you didn't listen. Mm-mmm.
You're a little rebel. huh? Yeah.
Your skin's all dry.
You ought to put some cream on that.
make it nice and soft.
Isn't that what you're
lookin' for? Huh?
A little adventure?
Little girl.
runnin' away from home. huh?
Gettin' in a big man's car.
Yeah.
Okay. guys. we're gonna go this way.
Stay together. please.
Watch your steps.
This is not a zoo.
This is a research and rescue center
for the many marine mammals
that inhabit our region.
We're able to offer veterinary care.
perform surgical procedures.
and administer medication.
What are all the TVs for?
Those are so we can
keep an eye on our animals
and what they're doing.
both in an out of the water.
Yeah?
When you were a kid.
did you know you wanted to work here?
Actually. it was a couple of years ago.
I saw a video of a baby dolphin
that had washed ashore.
Instead of helping it.
the people on the beach
passed it around taking
their picture with it.
Even after it died.
they kept taking selfies.
That video made me sad.
and I wanted to do something.
so I came here to volunteer.
Now it's my job.
You might be wondering
what our animals like to eat.
Our fish shake...
A delicious blend of herring and cod.
with various nutrients
mixed in as well.
Would anyone like a taste?
No!
No way.
Okay. guys. we're gonna head outside.
Whoa!
- Whoa!
- Once our animals
have received the medical
care they need.
they come out here
to recover and prepare
for their journey back to the wild.
This is Sitka and Hazy.
What's going on?
I'm not sure.
Everyone. come with me. Now.
It was her! She did it!
Come on!
We meet again.
It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I can help you.
My name is Ben.
Friend.
I am Ryn.
Ryn.
Okay.
Good.
It's nice to meet you.
Where are you from?
Hey.
You're sick.
Now. can I see?
We have medication here.
We can help you.
The night we met. you sang a song.
I can't get it out of my head.
Everywhere I go...
I hear it.
Oh. hey.
Um. everything's
back to normal out there.
Not sure what that was all about.
This is Ryn.
I don't think she speaks English.
Is she okay?
I'm not sure.
I was gonna call Doc Abbott.
Yeah. Yeah. you should.
You okay?
Yeah. I guess.
She's just...
She's a little strange.
You want me to stay?
No. You got your class.
It's okay.
No. I don't want you to miss it.
Okay. It's getting dark.
I'm gonna lock down the pens.
- I love you.
- Love you. too.
I'm gonna call a doctor for you.
Okay?
Yeah. I'm pretty sure
we've got some of that.
Bye. Thanks. Doc.
I'll see you in a bit.
Whoa. easy there. Easy.
What happened?
Apparently one of the sea lions
didn't like the herring
you served him for dinner.
You should stay lying down. okay?
Where is she?
Ah. yes. your mystery date.
Ben. I've know you and
your family a long time.
Is there something
you're not telling me?
Ms. Hawkins!
Hello!
Ms. Hawkins.
That girl yesterday.
I know you saw her.
You said you didn't.
but I know you did.
You know something about her.
Come in.
What is it you think I know?
That she's one of them.
I saw it. tonight.
What did you see?
She changed in the water.
Just like this.
When we were kids. we'd come in here.
and you'd tell us stories
about the mermaids.
We were always told that they were just
tall tales. not to believe you.
But they weren't made up. were they?
They were true.
I don't get it.
You want people to know the truth.
Well. it's here! It's happening!
What are you so afraid of
all of a sudden?
She do that to you?
In their natural state in the water.
they see you as prey.
Their instinct is to kill.
Humans never understood that.
It caused a lot of misery.
What do you mean?
Your family's history in this town
is bloodier than you know.
Your ancestor lost his mind. obsessed.
He and his shipmates slaughtered
those beautiful creatures
in cold blood.
Genocide.
That's your legacy.
Why don't you ask
your family about that?
What's wrong. Mads?
Just been trying to get a hold of Ben.
He's not calling me back.
Well. I'm sure he's just busy.
See? There you go.
Hello?
Yeah. he's here.
For you. it's Clarence.
Hey. Clarence. what's up?
Okay.
All right.
I'll be there.
What's going on?
They found a body.
Some guy attacked in his car.
Don't worry. He's gonna call you.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I'm coming with you.
- Dad?
- Yeah?
We got room for one more?
It's just like old times.
Yeah.
Maybe... Maybe we catch one.
military comes looking for us.
leads us to Chris.
Hey. we got somethin'.
Wow. it's big.
It's moving fast.
Port side.
Show yourself.
I know you're out there.
synced & corrected by PopcornAWH
www.addic7ed.com
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-